however this is it's not funny Oh else
would it be great listen closely I'm at
the school
I have Caroline and if you want to keep
her alive I need you to get into your
car and come down here right away
if you tell anyone where you were going
I will kill her the hell do you want
though is that any way to treat a guest
what are you doing here Klaus well for
starters young Jeremy here could show
some manners and invite me inside how'd
you go up to your room now
hmm all that uses one questionable
father-figure I need to be replaced by
the likes of the two of you yeah about
that
something happened oh I know all about
my mother's invulnerable little creation
that's why I'm here
I'm leaving town just need to pick up a
few road trip necessities spare tire
flashlight doppelganger can't help you
there Elena
where's she I don't know if she was just
here a few minutes ago
her.she she's not here this was not here
where did she go
what's going on Klaus once and then wait
to keep him out
you